{\rtf1\ansi\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0 Arial;}{\f1 Courier New;}}
\fs24
\b Paradise Hotel Frontend Documentation\b0\par
\par
\b 1. Project Overview\b0\par
Paradise Hotel Frontend is a React application built for a hotel reservation practical project. The frontend consumes a provided backend API and presents features for guests and administrators. The application supports authentication, room search, reservation management, and an admin area.\par
\par
\b 2. Technologies Used\b0\par
\bullet React\par
\bullet Vite\par
\bullet Axios\par
\bullet React Router\par
\bullet Framer Motion\par
\bullet Custom CSS\par
\par
\b 3. How to Run the Frontend\b0\par
Before running the frontend, make sure the backend server is also started.\par
1. Open a terminal and go to the frontend folder.\par
2. Install dependencies with \f1 npm install\f0 .\par
3. Start the development server with \f1 npm run dev\f0 .\par
4. Open the local address shown by Vite, usually \f1 http://localhost:5173\f0 .\par
If needed, the frontend can use a custom backend URL through the environment variable \f1 VITE_API_BASE_URL\f0 .\par
\par
\b 4. Available Scripts\b0\par
\bullet \f1 npm run dev\f0  - starts the development server\par
\bullet \f1 npm run build\f0  - builds the production version\par
\bullet \f1 npm run lint\f0  - runs ESLint checks\par
\bullet \f1 npm run preview\f0  - previews the production build\par
\par
\b 5. Project Structure\b0\par
\bullet \f1 src/pages\f0  - page-level screens such as Home, Search, Login, Register, My Reservations, and Admin pages\par
\bullet \f1 src/components\f0  - shared components such as Navbar and ProtectedRoute\par
\bullet \f1 src/components/ui\f0  - reusable UI components such as Button, Card, Input, Modal, Alert, and others\par
\bullet \f1 src/context\f0  - authentication state management\par
\bullet \f1 src/services\f0  - API communication layer using Axios\par
\bullet \f1 src/layouts\f0  - main page layout\par
\bullet \f1 src/assets\f0  - static images and resources\par
\par
\b 6. Main Features\b0\par
\bullet User registration\par
\bullet User login and logout\par
\bullet Protected routes for users and administrators\par
\bullet Search for available rooms by dates and guest count\par
\bullet Filtering by hotel name, city, rating, free parking, and wellness center\par
\bullet Create a reservation for an available room\par
\bullet Cancel a reservation\par
\bullet View personal reservations\par
\bullet Administration dashboard\par
\bullet Administration reservations page\par
\bullet Administration locations and rooms management\par
\par
\b 7. Main Pages and Routes\b0\par
\bullet \f1 /\f0  - Home page\par
\bullet \f1 /about\f0  - About page\par
\bullet \f1 /login\f0  - Login page\par
\bullet \f1 /register\f0  - Register page\par
\bullet \f1 /search\f0  - Search available rooms\par
\bullet \f1 /my-reservations\f0  - User reservations page\par
\bullet \f1 /admin/dashboard\f0  - Admin dashboard\par
\bullet \f1 /admin/reservations\f0  - Admin reservations page\par
\bullet \f1 /admin/locations\f0  - Admin locations and rooms management\par
\par
\b 8. API Integration\b0\par
Axios is used for all HTTP communication. A shared Axios instance is configured in \f1 src/services/api.js\f0 . Service files are separated by responsibility:\par
\bullet \f1 authService.js\f0  - authentication requests\par
\bullet \f1 locationService.js\f0  - public location and room search requests\par
\bullet \f1 reservationService.js\f0  - reservation creation and cancellation\par
\bullet \f1 adminService.js\f0  - admin-related requests\par
\par
\b 9. Validation and Error Handling\b0\par
The frontend includes validation for login, registration, search forms, and admin forms. API errors are shown to the user through alert messages. Client-side route protection prevents unauthorized access to private and admin pages.\par
\par
\b 10. Admin Account\b0\par
The seeded admin account provided by the backend is:\par
\bullet Email: \f1 admin@paradise.local\f0 \par
\bullet Password: \f1 Admin123!\f0 \par
\par
\b 11. Final Notes\b0\par
The frontend is designed to follow the provided backend contract without changing API DTOs. The project structure is organized for clarity and reuse, with separate folders for pages, shared components, UI components, services, and context.\par
}
